Farmer John has n pastures, all of which he would like to seed with grass.
The pastures are numbered 1, 2, . . ., n.
Farmer John has four different types of grass seed, numbered 1, 2, 3,
and 4. He’ll choose one of these grass types for each pasture.
Farmer John also has m cows. Each cow has two favorite pastures in
which it eats grass. Each cow cares only about its two favorite pastures, no
others. For a healthy diet, each cow requires that its two pastures have different
types of grass. For example, for some given cow, it would be okay if one
of its pastures had grass type 1 and the other had grass type 4. But it would
not be okay if both of its pastures had grass type 1.
A pasture might be the favorite of more than one cow. But it’s guaranteed
that a pasture is the favorite of no more than three cows.
Determine the grass type to use in each pasture. Each pasture is required
to use a grass type between 1 and 4, and each cow’s two favorite pastures
must have different grass types.
Input
Read input from the file named revegetate.in.
The input consists of the following lines:
• A line containing two integers separated by a space. The first integer
is n, the number of pastures; it’s between 2 and 100. The second
integer is m, the number of cows; it’s between 1 and 150.
• m lines, each of which gives the two favorite pasture numbers for a
cow. These pasture numbers are integers between 1 and n and are
separated by a space.
Output
Write output to the file named revegetate.out.
Output a valid way to seed the pastures. The output is a line of n characters,
each of which is a '1', '2', '3', or '4'. The first character is the grass
type for pasture 1, the second is the grass type for pasture 2, and so on.
We can interpret these n characters as an integer with n digits. For example,
if we have the five grass types '11123', then we can interpret this as
the integer 11123.
This integer interpretation comes into play when we have a choice of
what to output. If there are multiple valid ways to seed the pastures, we must
output the one that’s smallest when interpreted as an integer. For example,
if both '11123' and '22123' are valid, we output the string '11123' because
11123 is less than 22123.




test cases:
8 6
5 4
2 4
3 5
4 1
2 1
5 2




The first line of the test case tells us that we have eight pastures. They’re

numbered from 1 to 8. The first line also tells us that we have six cows. The

problem doesn’t specify a numbering for the cows, so I’ll just number them

starting at 0. The two favorite pastures of each cow are in Table 7-1 for easy

reference.
Table 7-1: Farm Seeding Example, Cows

Cow Pasture 1 Pasture 2

0          5               4

1          2               4

2          3               5

3          4               1

4          2               1

5          5               2

In this problem, we’re being asked to make n decisions. What grass type

should we use for pasture 1? What grass type should we use for pasture 2?

Pasture 3? Pasture 4? And so on, all the way up to pasture n. One strategy

for these kinds of problems is to make one decision at a time, without making

a mistake on any of them. If we manage to finish with decision n and

haven’t made any mistakes along the way, then our solution must be correct.




Let’s go through the pastures from 1 to 8 and see if we can assign a grass

type to each of them. We need to prioritize choosing small-numbered grass

types so that we end with the smallest grass types when interpreted as a

number.

What grass type should we choose for pasture 1? The only cows that

care about pasture 1 are cows 3 and 4, so we focus only on those two. If we

had already chosen grass types for some of these cows’ pastures, then we’d

have to be careful with our choice for pasture 1. We wouldn’t want to give

some cow two pastures with the same grass type, because that would break

the rules! We haven’t chosen any grass types yet, so nothing can go wrong

no matter what we choose for pasture 1. Since we want the smallest grass

types, though, we’ll choose grass type 1.
